[OSDOCS-20643]: CQA: HCP troubleshooting (1 of 2) (#115371)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-ts-hc-stuck.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="hcp-ts-hc-stuck_{context}"]

> = Troubleshooting HostedCluster resource stuck in a partial state

Reviewer: You changed all of the others to _Identifying why..._  Should this one also change?

```suggestion
= Investigating why the HostedCluster resource is stuck in a partial state
```
